Update GitHub community documents (#109)
margaritahumanitarian/helpafamily: CONTRIBUTING.md

- If no issue applies to your situation, you can create a new [GitHub issue](https://github.com/margaritahumanitarian/helpafamily/issues).
- You can also ask for help in the [Margarita Humanitarian Foundation chat room on Element](https://app.element.io/#/room/#mhf:matrix.org)

## Contribution Workflow

1. Please follow the [Installation](#installation) steps.
2. Please create a new branch and name it with the changes you are making. E.g. `fix-card-sort-order`
3. Make your code changes. You can preview your changes by [Running the project locally](#running-the-project-locally)
4. Send us a pull request.

Please ensure your repository is up to date before making a pull request, this project is very active so something may have been changed already! [Learn to sync your branch](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/keeping-your-local-repository-in-sync-with-github/syncing-your-branch).

We will then review your pull request, during this process you may receive feedback and questions about your request. 

> We may request or make changes where necessary. Feedback will always be positive! We are very grateful for all contributions!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We may request or make changes where necessary. Feedback will always be kind, considerate, and constructive! We are very grateful for all contributions!
```
